Update audio-conferencing-on-network.md (#9130)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Teams/audio-conferencing-on-network.md

# On-network Conferencing for Audio Conferencing

> On-network Conferencing allows organizations to send inbound and outbound Audio Conferencing calls to Microsoft dial-in numbers through Direct Routing to an On-network Device. This capability is not intended to extend the support of Audio Conferencing to third party dial-in numbers. On-network Conferencing is not supported if it is used to route inbound calls to the Audio Conferencing service through third party dial-in phone numbers or outbound calls to the PSTN from Microsoft Audio Conferencing Bridge. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
On-network Conferencing allows organizations to send inbound and outbound Audio Conferencing calls to Microsoft dial-in numbers through Direct Routing to an on-network device. This capability is not intended to extend the support of Audio Conferencing to third-party dial-in numbers. On-network Conferencing is not supported if it is used to route inbound calls to the Audio Conferencing service through third-party dial-in phone numbers or outbound calls to the PSTN from the Microsoft Audio Conferencing bridge. 
```

Specifically, this solution can be used to allow the following on-premise calls to route via Direct Routing:

> Dial-in calls to the Audio Conferencing service
> Dial-out calls from within a meeting in your organization to on-network PSTN numbers in your organisation devices including:
> Call-me-at calls
> Calls to bring new participants to a meeting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Dial-in calls to the Audio Conferencing service.
- Dial-out calls from within a meeting in your organization to on-network PSTN numbers on your organization's devices, including call-me-at calls and calls to bring new participants to a meeting.
```
